…slit by offsetting from a nearby star. The location of the supernova was identified by
matching a simulated cross-dispersion (XD) profile from WFC3 observations (day 2303) with
the XD profile of the STIS observations (**Did the STIS XD profile include the whole image**)?
The XD profile for the WFC3 data was simulated for a number of possible slit positions by
summing the WFC3 pipeline calibrated files (_drz.fits) in the dispersion direction over ~5
pixels representing the STIS slit width on the WFC3 detector. The STIS spectrogram was
also collapsed, however, due to the degradation of the STIS CCD detector, we found it
better to median stack rather than to sum the columns in the cosmic-ray rejected images
(_crj.fits).  The stacked columns were rebinned to the WFC3 plate scale to create a XD
profile. We compared WFC3/F814W to STIS/G750L as these observations most closely matched
in wavelength coverage and included the H-alpha line which is the strongest line in the
spectrum. The slit location in the WFC3 image was identified by finding the offset in the
cross-dispersion direction that creates the best match, in both shape and scale, between
the WFC3 and STIS XD profiles for each virtual slit position. (**is this true, I seem to
remember that we had issue with the scale**). Figure 2 highlights the slit position and
orientation (**we haven’t discussed varying orientation yet, should we?**) on the
WFC3/F814W image (left). On the right the XD profiles of the WFC3 observation (blue) and
the HST/STIS/G750L observation (green) both normalized to the peak flux. The similarity
of these two profiles...

The 1D spectrum for each observation was extracted using the CalSTIS custom extraction
software stistools.x1d
(http://ssb.stsci.edu/doc/stsci_python_x/stistools.doc/html/x1d.html?highlight=x1d#module-stistools.x1d).
The default extraction parameters for STIS are defined for an isolated point source. For
both the G430L and G750L the default extraction box width is 7 pixels while the background
extraction box width is 5 pixels (**I’m 95% sure this is true from the XTRACTAB - where
did you get 64/200 from? I think I just made it arbitrarily big when I didn’t know the SN
was the small bump on the galaxy**). Figure 3 shows the 2D spectrogram for G750L. While
the 2D image is dominated by the galaxy nucleus, the SN trace is faintly visible below the
galaxy in the region surrounding H-alpha. Due to the closeness of the SN to the bright
galaxy core and its faintness, we reduce the extraction box size to 3 pixels to optimize
the S/N (**How did you determine what was optimal?**). The default background extraction
box size is used, however, we modify the offset from the SN from +/- 300 pixels to ??? to
subtract a background that more closely resembles the region around the SN.

All of the STIS spectra are combined to produce a single spectrum using the splice tool in
STSDAS (http://stsdas.stsci.edu/cgi-bin/gethelp.cgi?splice). As recommended we ignore the
edge columns by setting their data quality flags to 4. Figure 4 plots the final,
background subtracted spectrum.